hey guys this is JC from Nintendo World
Report I do a podcast called the fam
against which is all about Nintendo
gaming in Japan and I just got this
video here for you it's called a
StreetPass puzzle complete collection so
yeah I've been collecting all the puzzle
pieces and doing lots of Street passing
here in Japan quite easy to think to do
so I just got the whole collection here
for you to see so I'm gonna start with
the brand new puzzles with the Mario
Tennis and the Fire Emblem awakening
ones and it's gonna go all the way
through right to the very end where
you'll find the old puzzles so you'll
get the new ones first and the old ones
last so you don't have to fast forward
to get to the new stuff I would
appreciate if you stayed at the end
because we've got some links to our
other great videos so be sure to check
those out and what I've done is I've put
some music behind each puzzle because
unfortunately the the actual puzzles do
not have any music in original music at
all it's just the same track looped
again and again so what I've done is
I've added the music from the actual
games to make it a bit more interesting
for you guys here's hoping Nintendo
actually do that themselves in the
future and there you go so here we go
let's get to it
you
eat including bed
thanks for sticking around to the end
guys here are our other videos from
Japan's and please click those links to
check them out thanks for watching